
NAIL
by Mercerenies
--------------

I massively overscoped, as always. There are four endings in this
version of the game. The original plan had seven endings, 29
achievements, and eight additional characters who had to be scrapped.

The idea was that you encounter all these characters from various
classic storybooks and try to sell them things they want. So you might
buy a muffin from the Maiden and sell it to the Baker for twice the
cost (since the Baker likes muffins), as a random example.

For what it's worth, the endings currently in the game are as follows.
Spoilers, obviously, so don't read any more if you were planning on
100%'ing the existing game without hints.

 * ENDING 1 / 4 (This Thing of Ours) - Whenever Gent asks you to hold
   onto his briefcase, do it and give it back when asked. If you do
   this consistently (three times in a row), then Godfather will show
   up and welcome you into his organization.

 * ENDING 2 / 4 (Richest Man on Earth) - Investor will upgrade the
   currency you give him, so if you give him a penny he'll bring back
   a dollar. If you give him a dollar, he'll bring back a briefcase of
   money. Briefcase converts into gold bar, then into a stack of gold,
   then into a treasure chest. Once you have the treasure chest, the
   President will show up and offer you Planet Earth.

 * ENDING 3 / 4 (Luigi Wins) - The silly one. Don't trade anything.
   Don't accept the briefcase when Gent asks. Never interact with
   anyone. Eventually Dad will show up and shut down the shop.

 * ENDING 4 / 4 (A Friend Down Below) - Sell your soul to Devil, and
   then sign his contract. Buy souls from people and sell them back to
   the Devil. After you sell the Devil your fifth soul (including your
   own), he'll offer you the Pentagram Necklace and a place by his
   side as ruler of the underworld.

And the endings that were cut, for those curious.

 * ENDING 5 / 4 (Do Not Pass Go) - Buy the oregano from Gent. Then Cop
   will show up and ask if you have anything illegal on you. Say no.
   Later, Cop will show up in a paper thing disguise and ask to buy
   the oregano. Sell it to him, and he'll arrest you.

 + ENDING 6 / 4 (Master of the Dark Arts) - At some point in the game,
   a random character will find the Book of Dark Magic. Buy it from
   them. Then acquire a magic wand and another magical object (either
   a broom or a cloak). Then Sorcerer will find you and challenge you
   to a duel.

 + ENDING 7 / 4 (New Sheriff in Town) - Buy the oregano from Gent.
   Then cooperate with Cop and give him the oregano when asked. Keep
   doing this and providing Cop with anything Gent gives you. Once you
   do it enough times, Cop will offer you a police badge and a place
   on the force.

And secret characters who were cut, in no particular order: Cop,
Sorcerer, Birthday Kid, Muffin Man, Santa Claus, Easter Bunny, Genie,
Pirate.

So much content, so little time. Hope you had a bit of fun. Until next time, cheers! :)
